one                mba-
two                -rpal
three              -ramnaw
person             -narmaŋ
male               panmal
female             ŋay
mother             ŋay
father             apwi
water              arɨm
fire               awt
sun                tɨmal

moon               mɨla
star               awak
canoe              kay
louse              name
village            num
breast             nɨŋay
tooth              tɨrɨŋ
blood              yat
bone               tanɨm
                   
tongue             mɨnyɨŋ
eye                tuŋgurɨŋ
nose               tɨkay
hair               wapwi
ear                kwandumɨŋ
egg                awŋ
leaf               nɨmbrɨm
tree               yan
                   
yesterday          ŋarɨŋ
tomorrow           ŋarɨŋ
oar                muraŋ
betelnut           patn
lime               awi
pig                numbran
crocodile          manba
snake              wakɨn
mosquito           naŋgun
chicken            nakwan
                   
sago grub          wun
sago palm          tɨnum
sago refuse        tɨki
pound sago         pan-
wash sago          tuku-
to hear            andɨ-
to hit             tupul-
to eat             am-
to go              wa-
faeces             mɨlɨm
spine of leaf      kɨnɨŋ
leg                pamuŋ
big                kɨpa
cold               tarɨk